Project Scope
SmartFit is an iOS application that is intended to help customers who are trying on clothing in a retail store have a more streamlined and valuable shopping experience. The application will be built for iPad devices that have an attached barcode scanner. If the customer tries on the item of clothing in the store, and decides that that it is not a good match, he/she can scan its barcode which will then retrieve the metadata associated with that item from our database. The customer will then be asked to answer a series of very short and simple questions about why the item of clothing was not a good match. After this stage, the customer will be directed to a page that will list clothing items that might be a better match for him/her based on the answers to the survey questions. In addition to this each item in the list will have a “try on” option that will send a notification to a store clerk to retrieve the item from the store and bring it to the customer’s change room for him/her to try on.
Product Functions
This iOS application allows customers trying on clothing in a retail store find more suitable items based on choices that they decide to reject. The user will be able to scan the barcode of the clothing item using the external scanner that is attached to the iPad. The application will then use the barcode to fetch the associated data. The application will then display a form that will ask the customer questions related to size, color, brand, and price of the clothing item. After the customer states why he/she was not satisfied with the item, the application will then call the database to find items that fit the survey criteria. The results will be listed in thumbnail form for the customer to browse and select any new items he/she may be interested in. Another functionality of the application is that each item in the list will have a “try on” option. After the customer has selected the items he/she wants, there will be a submit button that sends a
notification to a store clerk. The notification will indicate which items are to be brought to the customer as well as which dressing room he/she is located at.

### Report
[Google Drive](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11Jpd7ac_4wFuxO0ZL7wRPsB-wHI13ssN3EUp5MrSSUk/edit?usp=sharing)
